- Here
you go. Mr. Claybourne.
I'm so sorry.
- No harm done as long
as the ink doesn't smear.
- Sir.
Um.
I just wanted to say
how grateful I am.
With all the layoffs. I didn't
expect to be here.
- You're young.
You deserve it.
- You are destroying
people's lives.
- I thought he'd gone.
- And you can't even
face me. can you?
- You got rid of all of us.
All the old guard.
- It's not like that.
- I helped build this
company from nothing.
It is my life!
What if I reduce my pay?
Please. I'm begging you.
- Why don't we talk about
this later. just us?
- There won't be a later.
- Calm down.
Just calm down.
We can talk about it. I promise.
I promise.
- So?
- Just don't point that at me.
- Stay back. please.
- You're lying!
- Just don't point that at me.
- You're lying.
- Please.
Stop and just please think
about what you're doing.
These people.
they're your friends.
You're married.
You're married. right?
So am I.
Okay.
She means everything to me.
She's a kindergarten
teacher and she loves kids.
and we're desperate
for one ourselves.
But she just had a miscarriage.
which we're gonna
try again and...
Please. please don't. don't
take that away from her.
- Good
afternoon. Los Angeles .
This is weather channel.
Today. sunshine will give way
to some rain...
- Oh.
- as we have some
cooler weather on the way.
Temperatures are
on the chilly side
between 50 to 60 degrees.
- Hey. babe. how are you?
- Yeah. good.
Just...
I wanna say I'm sorry that
I didn't call earlier
and. you know. just
checking you're okay.
And you. the car's
still running good.
And you sure you still
don't want a new one?
And...
- Yeah. wait. wait. wait.
Slow down.
What's wrong?
Are you okay?
- Yeah.
Yeah. I know I should
have been in touch more
than I have been.
I just really need
to see you right now.
- I know. babe.
But I'll see you tomorrow.
You're still picking me up
from the airport. right?
- Yeah. of course.
Look. I've gotta go.
But I'll call you later. okay?
I love you.
- I love you.
- What?
How can you forget me?
I always wear the same clothes.
It's my lucky one.
But. look. I come here
all the time. okay?
- I'm sorry.
I've never seen you before.
- Give it to me.
Just one.
- You
have to buy a drink.
- I said
I'll buy a drink.
Why can't you just
give me the olives?
- It's hotel policy.
- Where?
Show me.
Where does it say olives cannot
be eaten without a drink?
- I'm sorry.
but if you continue
to be obstructive.
I'll have to ask you to leave.
- I'm not obstructive.
I'm not threatening you
or raising my voice.
No. just give me an olive.
- You have to buy a drink.
- I'll buy the lady drink.
Certainly. Mr. Claybourne.
- Sir. can
I get anything else?
- Hi. I'm Julia.
- Zach.
- I know it seems odd. but I
could just kill for an olive.
- Not really my thing.
- No?
- Very good. sir.
The Desiree Dubois.
- It's Dubois.
He'll go far.
- Let's hope
he stays right here.
- So. does
work bring you here?
- Yeah.
- And that is?
- Nothing exciting.
- Oh. I'm sure it is.
Tell me.
- Let's not talk about work.
Oh. my wife.
She's on her way over from LA.
I'm gonna spend a few
days in the Dolomites.
It's our belated honeymoon.
- That's very romantic.
- Yeah. I booked us a
whole deluxe package.
You know. comes with everything.
Spa. hot air balloon
ride. the works.
- Yeah.
And does she like olives?
- No. Why?
- They say opposites attract.
Your trip sounds perfect.
- Yeah. Thank you.
We've had a
difficult time. so...
- Why?
Oh. I'm sorry.
- So. what about you?
- Oh. I'm still searching
for the right person.
- I meant
what brings you here?
- Oh. I'm just
waiting for a friend.
- Hmm.
- Wow.
Here's to you having a great
time with your wife tomorrow.
- Mm.
Oh.
Do you know what?
It looks like my
friend's not showing.
- Look. I don't where
you think this is going.
- That's so
presumptuous of you.
- I love my wife.
She means the world to me.
- Thank you for sharing.
I'll remember that.
- Why did he do it?
- I really thought
he was gonna kill me.
But all I could
think about is you.
And I told him that.
- Don't beat yourself up.
It's not your fault.
- I'm really glad you're here.
- Me too.
I love my necklace.
Thank you so much.
- You'll be able to see
the Tre Cime on your left
in a moment.
And in 20 minutes
we get to Cortina.
- I never get
bored of this view.
You know?
- Well. I can see why.
- You're missing all this. Zach.
- Huh?
Oh yeah.
- What's that?
- Oh. no. nothing.
It's just. you know.
wrapping up with the deal.
Boring contract stuff.
- You gotta relax.
- Yeah.
Can't you leave work
for a few days?
- No. no.
Just let me clear this up
and then I'll be all yours.
- It's amazing.
- Here you go.
Took some persuasion getting
the chef to agree.
I can tell you.
Sir?
- Yeah.
- Wow. Thank you.
- Hey. baby.
- Jesus Christ.
- Jesus.
- Sorry.
I'm switching it off.
- Good.
- You're so tense.
- You come first now.
- Thank you.
You gotta ease off.
I don't want you having a
heart attack or something.
Promise?
- I promise.
- What do you get me?
- Well. much to the disgust
of the Italian people.
we have pizza de pineapple.
- No.
- Yeah. I know.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
- My favorite.
- The chef wasn't happy.
- No?
Thank you.
How the hell did you swing that?
- Anything for you?
- Oh. my hero.
What did you get for yourself?
- Something that doesn't cause
great offense around here.
- I'm sorry.
I win.
- Barely
- Come.
- Zach.
- What?
- I don't think
I'm ready just yet.
You gotta stop feeling guilty.
You mustn't blame
yourself. Emmy.
- I know.
- We'll get there.
Just take as much
time as you need.
- Hi.
You ready to see the world as
you've never seen it before?
Yeah.
- Yeah.
- Zach?
- Lovely to see you.
- Emmy.
- Nice to meet you.
- Welcome aboard.
I'm Harry.
- Hi. Harry.
- Good to see you.
Trained on the seas. but
destined for the skies.
So. I'll be giving you
a quick safety briefing.
and then off we'll go.
No time to lose.
- Huh. you're American?
- Yeah. Yeah.
Born and raised in Chicago.
Moved out here about 11
years ago with my family.
Clean air. clean living.
Yeah. time to put the
pedal to the metal.
My grandson's fifth
birthday's coming up.
And I'm in the entertainment.
I'm a qualified clown.
- No way
- From my days in the
circus when I was a kid.
It's a whole 'nother story.
but I'm waiting on a
couple of other folks.
but I guess it might be
us. so safety briefing.
Okay.
Ballooning is the safest
mode of air travel
as long as you follow
a couple of rules.
You'd be surprised to hear this.
but some people...
Do not smoke or
vape in the basket.
Do not throw anything
outside of the basket.
and let me know if you
have any medical conditions
or if you're pregnant.
- No.
- Okay.
Okay. then.
Don't touch any of the
levers or the ropes
or the instruments.
I can handle all this myself.
Oh.
- Hey.
- Your timing is perfect.
- Yeah. it looks
like my friend's not showing.
Thank you.
- Welcome aboard.
- Hi. I am Emmy.
- Hi. I'm Julia.
- Nice to meet you.
This is my husband. Zach.
- Oh. hi.
- Harry.
- Nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you too.
- Well.
sorry for being late.
So is this a special
occasion for you two?
- Mm.
- Yeah.
It's our belated honeymoon.
- Oh. that's so sweet.
I can't think of a better
way to celebrate it
than up in a balloon.
- Yeah.
- Right?
You know what. I'm
not feeling so good.
I think we should...
Let's take a rain check on this.
- No worries. Zach.
I'll look after you.
- We've been looking
forward to this for weeks.
- Yeah.
- So I asked my assistant
to book us a private flight.
I kind of want it to be just us.
- I know. I know.
But it's just one
more. it's okay.
Have you done this before?
- Oh. yes.
It's like an obsession.
- Yeah?
- You can say that again.
- Right?
- And I can tell this is
gonna be a crazy good time.
- Right.
Well. then.
Mind you. will you just
take that corner. please?
Zach. you there.
Emmy. come on over here.
- Yeah.
- And now our weight
is perfectly distributed.
Are you ready?
- Yeah.
- Let's go.
- Oh God.
- Let it go. Zach.
Woohoo.
- All right.
- What the fuck
do you think you're doing?
- You've got your phone.
Transfer the money now
and we can all enjoy our flight.
- Amazing.
- Never gets old.
- No?
- No.
Woo.
- Wow.
- Let's get some light.
Yeah.
That's amazing.
- So cool.
- This is Bologna
Indian November Bravo.
We are in the sky.
- Bolzano
Air Traffic Control.
flight acknowledged.
Just be aware of cloud
formation in the east.
it shouldn't affect you.
- Reporting all on schedule.
Everything is tickety-boo.
- Thanks
for the update. out.
- So you don't
recognize me. do you?
- Nope.
Afraid not.
- Okay.
- Oh. where do you think
you've met my husband?
- Oh. in Zurich. Just recently.
- Oh.
- I think she must
be mistaken.
But I'm sure we can all
get to know each other now.
- That is an excellent idea.
Emmy.
There are some champagne glasses
right here
- Right.
Okay.
- If you'll do the honors.
I have a fast rule.
I drink champagne
in only two places.
One. when I'm in
a hot air balloon
and the other is when I'm not.
- Here you go?
- Yeah.
- Woo-hoo.
- Oh.
Oh.
- Hey.
- This is voyage number 499.
But I'm sure this flight's
gonna be just as
special as the next one.
Here we are.
Enjoy.
- Cheers.
- So do you work in Zurich?
- Yeah. I do indeed.
Yeah.
- Mm.
And what do you do?
- Oh. it's kind of boring.
I hassle people that owe money.
You know. credit control
for a private bank.
- Well. doesn't
sound boring to me.
- That's very kind.
But let's not talk about work.
- Another.
- I shouldn't.
- Oh. yeah.
I could never say no.
Can you?
- Huh?
- That's Santa Magdalena
where we've just come from.
Really is amazing. isn't it?
- Oh. right.
- Thank you.
- There you go.
Oops.
Oh. it's surreal
- Up here. you really
get to reset who you are.
- Zach. look at these views.
- You see that
ridge we're heading
toward over there.
that's called the Geisler Ridge.
And since there's no place
to land in the mountains.
we're gonna turn
around and come back.
- So you can steer
this thing. like. how?
- Well. you just
change altitudes.
wind direction changes
depending on the altitude.
- Well. that sounds
complicated.
- Well. that's what
makes ballooning unique.
The journey is the destination.
You have to surrender
to the elements.
Flying this way is the quickest
way to escape your problems.
Of course.
You can't stay up here forever.
- Have you always done
this job. Harry?
- Well. I was in the
Navy for a long time.
Finally retired.
Wanted to keep busy. so
I ended up in the air.
and I get paid for this.
- Lucky you.
- High school choir.
You know. up here.
just got a rear
back and let it rip.
Sing to the world.
- Woo. Beautiful.
- You have a go. Emmy.
- Okay.
- I like that a lot.
Au naturel.
- Christ.
- Okay.
- That's original.
- Right.
- Zach. go on.
- No.
- I did it.
- Whew.
I'm done.
- Allow me
- Being so high up.
It does make you feel
kind of helpless. no?
- Yes. Yes.
Certainly gives you a
certain perspective.
feel you're distant
from everything else.
Makes you realize what
you really care about.
- For sure.
- Would you mind
taking a photo of us?
- Oh. I wouldn't.
Let's do it.
- And. oh no.
Come on. Zach.
Come on.
You gotta relax.
Come on. you look
so tense.
And we don't want that. do we?
Beautiful.
- Thank you.
Harry.
- Can I
take a photo of you?
Oops.
Oh. looking good.
One of us?
- Mm.
Maybe one of us together.
- You enjoying this?
- Very nice.
- More than the other night.
Hey. Zach. would you please
take a photo of me and Harry.
I would be ever so grateful.
- Oh.
Thank you.
- Thank you.
- Harry.
- Hey.
- Up. up and away.
- Ooh.
Geez.
Was worried there for a minute?
- Always in control.
- Are you?
- Well. yeah. if you
know what you're doing.
you can handle things
pretty quickly.
- Yeah.
And that can get you out of
awkward situations. I imagine.
- Exactly.
- You need to take
care of this. and soon.
- Take care of what?
- I think if you show your hand.
you're gonna lose your hand.
- I'm really confused.
What are you talking about?
I'm not following.
- Friends. let's
try to relax a bit.
Things are getting
a little tense.
Why don't you just
enjoy this air?
Absolutely devoid of pollution.
- What. Zach?
- Whoa.
A golden eagle.
That's incredible.
You hardly ever see them.
You're very lucky.
- Okay. turn the balloon 'round.
- It's understandable
to be a bit nervous
if you're not an
experienced flyer.
- No. no. no.
I said turn the balloon 'round.
- It's not that simple.
- I don't care.
Make it happen.
- You obviously have
something to discuss.
but you may not do it here.
I will return you
safely in half an hour.
We are in the middle
of the mountains.
It's impossible to land.
We need to ride
the currents back.
- Are you gonna play ball?
- I'm not following.
- Yeah. 'cause she's
not making any sense.
- So you don't remember me.
- No.
- Really?
- No? Look at me.
You don't remember
buying me a drink?
- I buy lots
of people drinks.
- What?
Expensive champagne.
Desiree Dubois?
Well. maybe all his
girls look the same
after a few glasses of bubbly.
- Yeah.
- Is that what it is?
Look. your husband thinks
he can take advantage of me
and do whatever he wants
without any consequences.
Well. no.
- Really?
What are you actually saying?
- Oh my God. Emmy.
Don't even bother.
- You don't know
anything. do you?
Well. that's so weird because
I know all about you. Emmy.
- Oh. you do?
- Yeah.
- Oh.
- I know things have
cooled off between you two
since you lost the baby.
- Oh. shit.
Look. I must have gone out
and had a few drinks. okay?
- So you did
have drinks with her?
- I wouldn't have said
anything that personal.
- No?
Probably just the things
have been a bit
difficult for her.
- That you don't want sex.
- Okay. Well that's bullshit.
- That's rich.
- Emmy. Okay.
- Why would you
even share that...
- Emmy.
- with the complete stranger?
- No. I wasn't a
complete stranger.
Tell her. was I?
He slept with me.
- Okay.
Well. that's a lie.
- Is it?
- She's lying.
- No. she's lying.
- Is it?
Is it a lie?
- Emmy. she's lying.
- Then how would I know
about this birthmark?
- Fuck. Don't fucking touch me.
- So it's true.
- Oh. Emmy. come on.
What? What?
Hang on.
You actually believe her.
Look at her.
- Please.
Will you all just calm down.
I can't believe this is the
way I'm spending the day.
- Okay. you can stay the fuck
outta this.
- Stop shouting at him.
- No. don't.
- Listen to me. please.
Okay. look.
Just look at me. Emmy.
Look at me.
I'm not lying. okay?
I swear.
- Why is she here?
- Because she knows who I am.
And she wants money.
All right. She's
trying to blackmail me.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- So why didn't
you just tell me that.
- I wasn't gonna
take it seriously. Emmy?
She's fucking insane.
- When did all this happen?
- Oh. God. I don't...
A couple of nights ago.
I bought her a drink 'cause
the bartender gave her shit.
- So she made all this
effort to come on this trip
and blackmail you for that?
- I know.
Yeah.
- That makes no sense.
- Exactly.
- And we had one
drink. one drink.
- No. it was more than that.
- That's all.
Okay. maybe a couple of drinks.
- I don't know.
- I thought it was
a champagne bottle.
- Oh. for fuck...
I don't remember. okay.
I had a shitty day.
- Right.
Okay. so why didn't you
just tell me about this.
and how the fuck does she know
about your birthmark?
- Social media.
Okay.
There's a photo...
Everyone's got social media.
Photos of us in Hawaii.
She probably saw it there.
You can see that
in all of them.
- I don't do social media.
- You don't?
What are you
talking about?
- Of course you don't.
Okay.
Emmy. that's enough.
Okay. why are we even
arguing about it.
- Don't touch me.
- You should have
just paid the money. Zach.
- Well. you think just
because I'm nice enough
to buy you a drink
that you can come
and blackmail me
with some bullshit accusation?
- Bullshit?
Really?
- I mean. if I had
anything to hide.
I would've just paid you. right?
But I didn't.
So I'm really sorry.
I think your little
game is over.
- Well. I don't think so.
What are you doing?
- Opening a vent.
we're getting too high.
- No. stop. Stop.
I said don't touch it.
You. you're not
getting away with this.
- Mayday. mayday.
- Dammit. lady.
What the hell are you doing?
- Well. we don't
need a radio. right?
If we escaped from our problems.
- The only
problem we have right now
is getting this balloon lower.
All right?
I don't do that.
We're gonna run outta oxygen.
pass out and die.
- Okay. Listen.
You've made your point.
Please.
You're putting our
lives in danger.
Can you just let
Harry fly the balloon?
- No. Stop.
- Stop this.
- I can't.
- Are you alright?
- Yeah.
- Take your jacket off.
Wait. help her.
- Oh my God.
What has she done?
- We're still rising.
- I need the rope
to open the vent.
And now it's out of reach.
- What does that mean?
We can't get to it?
- Steady. Steady.
Okay?
- Yeah.
- You're gonna be okay.
- Thank you.
- Harry.
What are you...
Harry?
- All right.
It's too...
- You got it?
- Okay.
Going.
- It's working.
- Come on.
- Be careful.
- No.
No.
- What the fuck?
- It was an accident.
- You fucking killed him.
- Oh. my God.
- I didn't mean to.
- Bullshit. bullshit.
We both watched you.
- No. no.
I didn't mean to.
- We both saw you do it.
We...
- I didn't mean it.
- Oh. my God.
- If we keep going
up. we are all gonna die.
- Good.
Good.
- She's collapsed. Emmy.
- Yeah.
- What's happening?
- We have to
get to that rope.
Wait.
- Emmy.
what are you doing?
- We gotta tie this on.
- No.
Don't.
Please. it's not safe.
- Jesus Christ.
- Hang on. Emmy.
I'm right behind you.
- Got it. Zach.
Look. I got the rope.
We're going down.
Zach.
Zach!
- Wake up.
Zach.
Oh. God.
- What the fuck.
- It looks pretty flat
where we're headed.
I think...
I think we might get
carried all the way
across the mountains
to the fields.
Maybe we just let it land.
Let me just close the vent
just before so we
don't fall as quick.
- We should
tie her up. right?
And gag her.
- Why?
So she's can't talk
about what happened.
- No. 'cause she's dangerous.
What else is in here?
Hey.
Okay.
I really didn't sleep with her.
- What about
your birthmark?
How did she know
about your birthmark?
- I don't know. photos
on social media.
- She doesn't
use social media.
- Oh God. Seriously?
Emmy. look.
Okay.
We went out for drinks.
She came on to me.
but that was it.
Okay?
I really dunno how else
to prove it to you.
- Show me that
social media post.
You know. where you can see it?
I mean. you'd have to
be practically naked.
- I can't right now.
I don't have service.
- Well.
that's convenient.
- You know what?
I got 'em saved
on my phone. here.
There.
See?
- Yeah.
I do wanna believe you. Zach.
- Look. I need you. Emmy.
Okay. I can't imagine
the world without you
and the family that
we're gonna have.
And when we get home.
I'm gonna get you the
best fertility doctor
that money can buy.
Huh?
- Yeah.
- All right.
Good.
Well. that doesn't look good.
We're gonna crash.
Well. what would we do?
- Wait. this is closed.
We gotta change directions.
- Well. how are we gonna do
that when these don't work.
- We get lighter.
- We should throw her out.
- No.
Come on.
Let's throw these out.
Okay. I think that's working.
Yeah.
Okay. good.
- Let's
take this one too.
Right. next.
Come on.
Hey. watch out.
- Jesus.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Maybe we should leave one.
We might need it later.
- There's not gonna be a
later unless we clear that.
Oh. shit.
- what do we do?
- Hold on tight.
We're gonna hit it.
Oh shit.
Hold on.
- Jesus.
Come on.
- I don't know
why you targeted me.
There were other
guys at the hotel.
- You think you
can come over here
and do what you like?
Is that what you think?
Huh?
- Stop it. Both of you.
- What the hell
Is this okay.
- I don't know.
- You have no idea.
Have you?
- I have money.
So do lots of guys.
So. go on.
Why did you target me?
- You killed my
father. Hans Fischer.
He was my dad.
- That's the man
who took his life?
- He worked for
Krieger for 40 years.
It was his life.
But you just didn't
care. Did you?
- Of course I did.
It was a business
decision. all right?
One that meant the
company could survive
and hundreds of employees
could keep their jobs.
- But not that.
Just a worthless piece of shit
begging not to be flushed away.
- He had a great payout.
retirement ahead of him.
but he chose to end it all.
Not me.
- My father was
everything to me.
He was the only person
I could talk to.
And he was the only
person who cared for me
when I couldn't cope
with all of this.
But what do you understand?
You understand nothing.
you entitled piece of shit
with your designer suits
and your initialed socks.
You know I read up on you.
You inherited all the money.
You haven't even earned
it. you a piece of shit.
Huh?
- You're fucking crazy.
- I am not crazy.
- You are. You're fucking crazy.
- I'm not crazy.
- Julia stop. please.
- She stabbed me.
- I'm not crazy.
- I'm sorry what
happened to your father?
We both are.
We truly are. Nobody's
saying you're crazy.
We can help you.
We can say it was an accident.
- No. it wasn't.
- What happened.
Shut up. Zach.
Listen.
We can take care of all this.
We can take care
of all this.
- Yeah.
Please. please. listen.
Listen. Calm down.
- There is no
taking care of this.
Now my dad is gone.
I've got nothing left to lose.
- Julia. Julia.
- It's over.
Stop. please.
Please. please.
No. no. no.
Please. stop.
Stop. please.
Don't.
- I can't
do this anymore.
- It's gonna be okay.
Please. let me help you.
Just give me the knife.
Julia. just give me the knife.
I promise you. everything
will be all right.
- I'm sorry for you. Emmy.
You never should have
married this piece of shit.
- What the fuck. Zach?
- Zach. what the fuck?
- I was protecting you.
- Emmy.
- Are you okay?
Let me see. Let me see.
- Do something?
Yeah. yeah. yeah. All right.
Wait. hold it.
Hold it. Hold it.
Hold it. Here. hold it.
Oh. shit.
- Oh god.
Emmy.
- It's okay.
- Could you hurry up?
- I've got this.
- Coming.
Here. here.
Put this...
Hold this. Hold this.
Press down.
- Oh God.
- Okay.
Sorry.
Just hold this up.
What else to do?
I think she was gonna
gimme the knife?
- I had to put you first.
- I just
want all this to end.
It's getting bigger.
We're being pushed
into those mountains.
- We need to do something.
- I know.
Can we get these
burners working again?
Oh. shit.
They're not connected.
- Oh. God.
- Oh. shit.
Yes.
Oh. shit.
- Emmy. we're losing
height real fast.
- Why is it not working?
Oh. pilot light's out.
- What?
Have you got any other ideas?
- No. Do you?
- We should throw her out.
- What?
- She's dead.
- Really?
- What the fuck does it matter?
Also. she's freaking me out.
- Here. Try that.
Fuck.
- Wait.
You gotta turn this on
at the same time.
- Yeah. that's got it.
- Yeah.
- Again?
Yep.
Yeah.
- It's working.
- Yeah.
- Oh no.
That ridge is too high.
We need to get even lighter.
Throw it all out.
- We need to lose height.
There's another wind
current down there.
We need to catch it.
- What?
- We need to catch it.
There's another wind current.
- Zach. we're getting too close.
Can you help me?
- Fuck.
- I can't believe she's dead.
- Well. it's not my fault.
Self-defense.
- I know it's not your fault.
I'm not saying it's your fault.
I'm...
Saying none of this
would've happened
if you hadn't bought
her her drink.
- What?
If I hadn't bought her a drink?
So this is my fault because
I bought someone a drink?
Are you trying to
blame this all on me?
- No.
- Do you have any idea
what it's been like
living with you the
last six months?
I've had to...
- Listen.
- practically forced you
just to come out with me.
- Yeah.
- You know why don't go out?
Are you fucking kidding?
- When I go for one drink.
and then all this happens.
- I've got a reason for that.
- It's not my fucking fault.
- Do think it's just normal that
you just go out for drinks
with a random woman.
- You have no idea.
Fuck you.
- Fuck you. Emmy.
- Fuck you. you fucking...
- Fuck you.
- Zach!
- Here.
- Zach.
- Emmy.
Emmy.
It's gonna break.
Take this.
- Zach.
- Emmy.
- Oh. fuck.
You're okay.
- Where you...
Where you not gonna help me?
- What?
- When you hesitated like...
- Oh.
- Like you weren't gonna help me
- God no.
No. Emmy.
I was in shock.
I'm sorry I said
those things to you.
It was just frustration.
That's all.
I said you could trust me.
You can trust me.
Okay. I'll always
be there for you.
All right? Always.
Hey.
- We're picking up speed.
Surely it can't make
that much difference.
- We're losing the hot air.
- Oh shit.
That hole's getting bigger.
- I think we have
to fix the balloon.
If we tied down that
piece of canvas up there.
Maybe we can stop losing height.
We could use this.
- You're fucking crazy.
- I don't see we have a choice.
- Careful.
- Hold on.
let me help you.
Oh shit.
I got it.
Catch it.
I'm coming down.
- You have
to light the burner.
- Pass me the rope.
- You think it'll hold?
- It has to.
- Ready?
I don't if this is working.
We're gonna hit that.
We're gonna hit it.
Hold on. hold on. hold on.
- It looks way
flatter down there.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. I think we might
be through the worst of it.
- Made it.
We made it.
Oh my God.
We're over a field.
We're safe to land.
- So much for escaping
from your problems.
- How did she know about
your initialed socks?
Zach. how did Julia know
about your initialed socks?
- I don't know.
I mean. they're socks.
It's not like I have to be
undressed to see my socks.
- But you got to
have your shoes off
to see the initials
on your ones.
Did you take your
shoes off in the bar?
Why would you take your
I don't know. maybe
if you've been walking
for miles in new shoes.
but yours are all worn
in and handmade in Italy.
Plus you told me you've been
stuck in the boardroom all day.
- Oh my God. Emmy.
What more do you want me to
do to make you believe me?
Whoa. whoa. what are you doing?
Emmy?
- Where's her phone?
- I don't know.
- Give me your phone.
- Huh?
- If you got nothing to
hide. give me your phone.
- Fine.
Jesus.
- See. I told you
about those messages.
I'm not hiding anything.
Oh. come on.
This is getting ridiculous.
Just...
God. you smell good.
That's not me.
I'm gonna jump in the shower.
- Don't be too long.
- I really shouldn't do this.
- That's what makes
it so exciting.
You must be in a
really difficult place
after what had happened at work.
- Why?
You mean the guy
who killed himself?
He's just a worthless
piece of shit
begging not to be flushed away.
- It's amazing you
can be so strong.
- I thrive on it.
- You happy now?
You found what you
were looking for.
- You lied to me.
You looked me in the eye
and you just bare
face lied to me.
Repeatedly.
How many other women?
Do you even care?
- Of course. I care.
I care about a lot of things.
I care about having a family.
Not that that's something
that you can give me.
- So you're blaming me?
- I'm not the one
who's done nothing
but just wallow in their
own guilt and self pity.
- Guilt and self pity?
- Guilt.
You don't fucking know
what guilt is. Zach.
- Guilt is for the weak.
And that's hardly me. is it.
- Zach. you fucked a
woman you met in a bar
the night before we planned
to repair our marriage.
- Emmy. Emmy. Emmy.
Come on.
Listen.
What?
What would you have done?
Hmm?
- What would I have done?
- I mean. you haven't been
putting out for months.
- Putting out.
So all this just being
understanding and sympathetic
and giving me time
was just what?
Bullshit.
Just a fucking act.
- You can sound so
ungrateful sometimes.
Think about the
life that you have.
You've got this amazing house.
You got a shit-hot car.
- A shit-hot car?
This is insane.
- You want for nothing.
- Zach. can you hear yourself?
Do you think that's
the life I want?
Going to some pretentious
dinner parties with some insane.
humorless pricks who
care about nothing
but their position and how
much money they make per year.
- Emmy.
- Who do you think you are?
- Emmy. stop.
- Stop?
- Before you say something
that you can't take back.
Do you know what
your problem is?
- My problem?
- You just don't
appreciate what you've got.
You know. where would
you be without me?
Really?
You're a kindergarten
teacher.
And you would make more
money cleaning toilets.
- Fuck you.
Fuck you.
You horrible human being.
This is over.
I'm getting a fucking divorce.
And you know what?
I'm taking half of everything.
including your daddy's
precious company.
And believe me. it's gonna
be run very differently.
- Oh. sweetie.
Come on. you're
not going anywhere.
You can't afford to divorce me.
and you're certainly not
getting anything of mine.
Ah. Whoa.
Fuck.
Emmy.
Emmy. help me.
Help me.
Please.
Please. do something.
Where are you going?
Emmy.
Emmy. where are you going? Emmy.
If you let me fall. they're
gonna pin this all on you.
They'll take you down.
You won't get away with this.
You're gonna spend the rest
of your miserable
life in prison.
Help me.
Emmy. come back. please.
Please.
Emmy!
What are you doing?
Emmy. don't.
Please don't.
No.
Emmy. please.
Please don't.
Don't.
Emmy!